what guys flew here bringing you managed
mode episode 5 with Stoke City and we're
going to start sub sewed off with me
playing against fallen so following Bert
have only made one signing I think and
that was Alexander song they got from
Arsenal so that's a decent signing in
itself but we're going to be on the
attack here with my virtual pro
destroying their defense and getting the
goal early on in the 24th minute so who
great celebration right there thank you
very much and here you see husky picking
up the ball playing it to crouch and
crouch with the lovely bullsh rope at
Hursley and he buries it into the bottom
corner that's why he's the top goal
scorer in the Premier League well done
husky and then the yes Andy Johnson hits
a bicycle kick when the hell have you
ever seen that happen I haven't booked
yeah whatever so that game finished 21
and STX man-of-the-match well-played
husky so moving on after that we have
next game against arsenal arsenal had to
know why said it like that but Mikhail
tester they have an affront that and the
only couple of signings they've made is
khoa Rob and David Silva which off
outstandings signings for Arsenal anyway
if they got them in the trip deadline
day that would have been incredible well
he see fluter with a great shot here
going straight top right which is
them easing my virtual pro is
getting a heck of a lot better things
like 75 overall at the moment anyway but
heskey on the ball go on husky cuts the
back to my virtual pro and he just
finished it basically a triangle book
that's how it goes when you're playing
against Arsenal I really hate arsenal
and I wanted to win this game and he see
David silver scoring for Arsenal so I
was thinking I look like a right dick
now but whatever and then the final all
the sack of the games you see pennant on
the attack gets really lucky there and
just place it straight to go online to
scores for me gain his first goal for
the club pretty much sings I signed him
on deadline day and he hasn't really had
that much of an impact on the team but
that game finished 31 by virtual pro
gets mattered much and which playing
well at the moment two back-to-back wins
and
hopefully we can make it a third against
Newcastle playing now so newcastle one
player i really like for newcastle is
done Bob are definitely agree signing
for them getting them from West Ham
which is absolutely incredible and I did
so so waters to him so I completely
forgot about that but this year need to
attack i have them a game with a filet
hits the post and that was in the 90th
minute so i couldn't do anything else
after that but that game british nil no
may as well take a drawer it's better
than a loss anyway and after that game I
think Newcastle injured my player yes
Newcastle injury Mike virtual
pro and yeah i'm going to give you an
updated scout report i think 78 and 91
basically they're just giving you the
right mid and sentiment positions they
just saying what positions they are I
couldn't get out of my voice and and the
final game of the episode were playing
Bolton don't care too much for Bolton
either I don't really care too much for
any teams but here you see Bolton gain
the penalty somehow well yeah I give I
give the penalty that but can beg a
bitch say the guys can he save it no he
can't but he missed the penalty anyway
sorry about ruining it there for you
guys but fair enough and that game
finished no no too I think yep when
she's no no and you see see me get a
couple of accomplishment so yay for me
fantastic and I'm just going to run you
will it run you through the squad report
scout report anyway and just sign a
couple of players so pretty much guys
just watch this I'm going to thank you
guys for watching please like comment on
the video and subscribe to me if you
haven't already and that's pretty much
it i like to thank guys for watching and
I'll see you guys next time